Test data for atlas/spltimerge (#558)
nf-core/test-datasets: README.md

      - 'test.paired_end.name.sorted.bam': Paired-end bam file sorted by name
      - 'test.single_end.bam': alignment (unsorted) of the 'test_1.fastq.gz' reads against test_genomic.fasta using minimap2
      - 'test.unaligned.bam': unmapped BAM file created from 'test_1.fastq.gz' using GATK4 SamToFastq

>       - 'read_group_settings.txt': a simple textfile containing the readgroup settings '1 paired' used for the atlas/splitmerge module'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - 'read_group_settings.txt': a simple textfile containing the readgroup settings '1 paired' primarily used for the atlas/splitmerge module
```
